You're not talking about the men's place, are you?
Scrap you, how can you be so direct
Tang Yao
What nonsense are you talking about?
The summer vacation is still retired in advance
Hey you
The sun said
What else do you have? He's talking nonsense.
To the doctor
How can you hide your illness?
In case your wound is not treated properly
Causes infection and high fever
That could kill you.
What's your business?
So
You're really hurt down there
How can this hurt the bottom?
Could it be that you were chopped up lying down?
I'm going to kill you
To kill, wait until you are well before killing
To please now
Let me see how serious your condition is
This king will not show you even if he dies.
What's there to be shy about?
I've seen a lot of patients like you
Have you seen others
I'm talking nonsense
Just let me take a look
If you don't cooperate with me again
I will enter the palace and ask the Supreme Emperor to grant a decree
Let him allow me to see
Do you still know how to write the word shame?
Trade my shame for your life
I don't know who earned it.
Just let me take a look
let go
Spread your legs. I can't see it.
Don't run your hands around
I took it away so I could see the wound better
You're hurt to the bone
If you delay any longer
You may really not want this thing.
Which woman has followed you since then?
Will dislike you
You dislike this king
I didn't say I wanted to be with you, you are Princess Chu
If you don't follow this king, who else do you want to follow?
What do you want to do again?